Feature/dispatch change (#11)
AbleTech/addressfinder-shopify: README.md

Read more on the AddressFinder [Shopify Plugin](https://addressfinder.nz/docs/shopify?utm_source=shopify%20plugin&utm_medium=plugin&utm_campaign=plugin&utm_term=Shopify%20Plugin&utm_content=Read%20more%20on%20AddressFinder) page.

#### Compatibility

> AddressFinder-Shopify supports all modern browsers, Chrome, Safari, FireFox, Edge and Opera. These are the same browsers supported by Shopify itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AddressFinder-Shopify provides support for the same browsers that Shopify support. See the list of [Shopify supported browsers](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/intro-to-shopify/shopify-admin/supported-browsers). 

Presently, this includes the latest two versions of all browsers: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Microsoft Edge, Opera, Apple Safari for iOS and Google Chrome for Android.
```
